Laws of Farhan state that:
1) Can memorise entire book in one reading, phtographic memory students take tution from him. (In a special case scenario, where this law clashes with one of The Laws Of Hila Sir, Hilal Sir's law has the chance of 200% in getting dominant.)
2) Spend 50% of your school time in school washroom. (Inclusive to Hibernation)
3) Have a rate of 80% of sleeping in the washroom and going missing for two days straight.
4) Atleast eating one type of food in class every two days. (chewing gum, biscuits, etc)
5) Can run at twice the speed of light. Fastest object in the universe, especially when chasing someone. (especially his best friend Absar)
6) Be addicted to books, NEVER return them to anyone even if you only "borrow" them for 1 day.
7) Says "I am studying" to parents but watching Chota Bheem the entire night.
8) Similar the Sheeran's law but still under development, memorised the entire history of all the animes/shows/books that exist. (except Game Of Thrones)
9) Oversleeps on the day Urdu exam is held.

Laws of Hilal Sir state that:
1) Teleportation: Can teleport between classes (reaches next class 1 second before bell rings)
2) He has close affection with Hussain, Lafiz and Ghalib
3) He has been existing for 5000 years now. (Changes identity every 100 years)
4) He is an alien who arrived to Earth 5000 years ago and has been terrorizing everyone ever since.
5) After he accepted Islam, he calmed himself down and now lives happily and beats children in a positive mood.
6) All the urdu and english poets are his students with his favourite one being Ghalib.
7) All the Urdu chapters are to be revised 10 times, and 10 more times every day. (This law is strong enough to not be cancelled by any other laws)
8) He teaches at twice the speed of light, he can make the entire class revise the entire urdu book in 1 period.
9) Can sense electronic devices like mobile phones from any given distance. (He can also smell their scent from over 200 meters away)
10) His subject can only be mastered by those of his choice, (current choices are himself and Lafiz. This law is also strong enough to cancel out other laws such as the First Law of Farhan)
11) NEVER can he not come to school, even in the case of a death of a close one, he might not come for one day, but will be present the following day. Once, he climbed tall hills with his students (long trek) but still managed to come school the following day.
12) Comes to school the earliest. (Before Principal & Vice Principal), comes to school 2 hours before it starts.

Laws of Iqbal Sir state that:
1) Always can be seen walking around the school (he is getting ready to go to his next class) (THE OG LAW)
2) Teleportation: Can teleport anyone in the school except for the current scheduled class.
3) Every time the bell rings, Iqbal sir before going to the classroom, takes a cup of coffee, makes atleast 3 rounds around the school, acknowledges the beautiful view from the staff room and then finally 10 minutes before the class starts, he arrives.
4) Roasting: Can come up with roast lines under a fraction of a second (Agar aap purush nahi ho, tu peche beht sakte ho)
5) Teaches one question of an exercise and asks the other students to complete the rest of the questions themselves.

Laws of Kaiser Sir:
1) Law of Comedy: Derived from Iqbal Sir's 4 Law, Kaiser Sir can come up with roast lines and jokes.
2) Law of Bodybuilding: Was a feared beast in his past, could flip Autos and kick out bus drives in his prime. (Was a bodybuilder) In his prime, he could take the US military alone.
3) Law of Level: Always the students' level is too low for his liking. They are too uneducated.
